welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
big time adolescence
16 year old monroe mo harris has
escorted out of class by a police
officer
when mo was younger his older sister
kate dated her classmate zeke prasanti
even after kate broke up with him zeke
and mo
remained close friends despite their age
difference
most parents reuben and sherry allow mo
to continue
hanging out with seat despite their
concern about sikh's influence on their
son
seek now 23 works a dead-end job and
spends most of his time
smoking marijuana and drinking
moe spends most of his time with zeke
his friends
and his girlfriend holly rather than
anyone his own age
seek help smo acquire drinks for a
senior party after
being invited by fellow sophomore stacy
and gives mo some weed to sell to the
other kids
this earns more credibility among the
seniors at the party
mo also sees his classmate sophie there
and they strike up a conversation and
exchange numbers
mo later takes sophie out on a dinner
date before taking her back to seek's
place to hang out
before sophie leaves she and mo
this earns him the nickname tongue daddy
from his friends
which seek tattoos on his chest
mo comes home accidentally stoned the
next night before a family dinner
and after his father finds out about
this and his tattoo
mo is grounded and forbidden from
hanging out with zeke
mo continues to supply drugs and alcohol
at the parties
though he has doubts about his actions
zeke encourages him to and continues to
supply him
even quitting his job due to the amount
of money mo makes off of selling
mo begins to ignore sophie for seeks
advice on how to get girls
which makes her mad after realizing his
mistake
he tries to explain himself but she
refuses to listen and walks out on him
mo gets a call from holly and he goes
over to her place
holly tells him that she and seek have
broken up because he was cheating and
she takes moe's virginity
after the breakup zeke spends his night
getting drunk and high
and sings in a karaoke bar
stacy drives into a ditch with a few
seniors who are smoking and drinking and
abandons his car
the next day a police officer comes to
school and interrogates him
telling him he won't get in trouble if
he reveals who supplied the drugs they
found in the car
when the cops show up at a party looking
for mo zeke manages to get him out and
bring mo back to his place
mo cries about how he has become a
degenerate like sikh
even though he never wanted to be he
also admits to zeke that he slept with
holly
but sikh forgives him and the two
reconcile
seek offers to take the fall but mo
declines his offer
saying zeke has done enough and he needs
to handle this on his own
the following day mo is escorted out of
class
gets expelled from school and is
sentenced to community service
reuben drives to zeke's house and orders
him to stay away from mo
three months later mo stops at a fast
food restaurant
one day and is surprised to see zeke
working at the drive-through window
mo sits with zeke inside to catch up
seek asks mo if he wants to hang out the
next day and mo
says that maybe they can mo drives away
leaving seek behind thank you all for
watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
[Music]
videos